he goes in I Daily News and new video
today on United you know the arsenal v
review to 12 United final score let's
get into it straight away so quick start
by United great pace down the wings by
valencia Rafah crossing ver Marlon makes
a mistake and boom vampires who finishes
the right leg just at the edge of the
box i think and bottom left corner what
a great strike that was well done Percy
and obviously is right leg I didn't
really think you'll be able to finish
that one that but wow what if finished I
was just class only no chance at all
then the match continued arsenal poor
play but kept the try to keep the ball a
bit kept on losing it didn't really do
much and you know it looks like a bit
flat that time but who'd it but we
earned a penalty towards the end at
second half first half to at the end of
the first half not second up towards
them but the first time young trust
across it in cuz all I put his hands up
and I don't leak give it who's stepped
up to take it was van Persie Rooney
really guess what happens really misses
well I don't really for me vampire she
should be taking the penalties Bob I
forgive Rooney after his world-class
performance in the game i'll guarantee
i'll go into more detail later but i
forgive really he missed everybody
misses so but he if he would have scored
if he would have got that in spa and he
would have scored you to be in malaria
but we didn't so arsenal lucky enough
just to go into halftime one note over
it with the 10 deficit then second all
starts United look so look in control
and he's call the second goal Everett
this was run on the pitch a great ball
from Wayne Rooney and boom had it the
zonal marking didn't really work out
faster because the ball had roosts such
a long way and they also plays didn't do
much because of that zone and marking
zonal marking is basically they told you
see mark space but then they're not
allowed to do whatever they are like so
basically small display on the pitch
every schools a header great into the
bottom corner but benoni talkative or
not not a chance of saving it's too fast
women Ernie turn a human yard and then
after school consolation the end at the
end with the great strike bystander
because Allah if I was to hear I would
be really pissed off with the defense
because really think we should have
handled that much better but because all
its cause of the great strike 21 then
the whistle blows so I'll go on with
some black performers now great
performances by Anderson carrying his
amazing form for midweek from the
Chelsea much into this game came on put
so much more energy into the game got a
bit pitbull put some great passes
through to the our players but some of
them were offside but had great vision
and I think so Anderson's really showing
his stuff night is coming to his
maturing and cheering for eggs and that
has when he plays attacking Lee he's a
much better player than he is in a
defensive robot I i prefer metabolizes
done so well in in these free games and
took 20 valencia and Toni Vilander yours
and de beste he really disappointed in
him and that's my opinion but he wasn't
the best in my opinion but I'm
disappointed but wherever man of the
match for me Wayne Rooney energetic
creative United's main man everything
that really trying to do everything that
Rooney was involved in everything that
man night were basically involved in
came through Rooney really the type of
play that once the ball is long before
the ball but he makes things happens he
wants to score walls but he's willing to
do anything for the team which is great
and I haven't seen and not any other
player as complete as Wayne Rooney but
probably like Messi is something but
raining such a complete pn such a great
play too it's not the man I to have our
man and I really think we should give in
and give him the captaincy captain badge
really deserves it after these drop your
performance is really really sorry for
him but he didn't score but top drawer
performances forgiven great game to want
to united and I
we top of the lead now obviously chance
of playing a match right now so anyways
thank you for watching goodbye don't
forget subscribe like and comment below